It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 4
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 1
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 1
A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! 2
Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for ( and misses ) . 2
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 3
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 0
Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 3
With this masterful , flawless film , ( Wang ) emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 4
... too sappy for its own good . 1
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence . 1
Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 2
A lame comedy . 0
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 1
The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 3
Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure . 2
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste . 1
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them . 1
The performances are remarkable . 4
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 0
It 's sort of in-between , and it works . 3
A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 2
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 1
It 's too bad nothing else is . 2
Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 3
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 4
A puzzling experience . 2
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . 4
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 4
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 1
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 1
Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E ! 2
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 0
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . 4
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia . 2
Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 3
It still feels like a prison stretch . 1
An almost unbearably morbid love story . 0
In its own floundering way , it gets to you . 3
Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 4
As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . ' 2
Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 2
Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions . 3
For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 2
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' 3
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended . 2
Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 3
A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 1
This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 3
Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 3
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions . 1
Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 3
A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 3
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 1
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence . 2
There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 3
Staggeringly dreadful romance . 0
In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 1
... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids . 1
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 1
Utter mush ... conceited pap . 0
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 3
This is no `` Waterboy ! '' 1
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 4
Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 3
The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron . 3
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 0
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 2
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan . 2
That Storytelling has value can not be denied . 4
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 3
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 4
A Movie to Forget 1
Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 2
As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson . 2
You want to call Domino 's . 2
The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics . 2
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 0
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look . 4
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 1
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 4
The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 2
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 2
We 're drawn in by the dark luster . 3
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better . 1
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 4
A good thriller . 3
One of the greatest films I 've ever seen . 4
The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 2
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 1
( It ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . 2
The script is smart , not cloying . 3
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 0
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . 1
It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 4
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 0
while ( Roman Coppola ) scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 2
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive . 1
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together . 2
( A ) crushing disappointment . 0
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 0
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 1
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . 2
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 1
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 1
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 0
The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann . 3
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 3
Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . 3
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 0
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 0
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 4
A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 2
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 2
If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn . 1
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 4
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . 1
There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side . 2
Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 4
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 4
The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 2
Upper Teens may get cynical . 1
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 1
scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens . 2
Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 2
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... 1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre 0
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe . 3
This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 3
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 1
He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 4
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 3
Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 3
... very funny , very enjoyable ... 4
A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival . 4
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 1
Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull . 2
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears . 0
An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 3
An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 3
A tasty masala . 3
Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 2
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 2
You could love Safe Conduct ( Laissez Passer ) for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long . 2
After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 0
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' 1
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 3
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 0
A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave . 2
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 3
The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game . 2
Many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember . 4
While Bollywood/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 3
... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance 2
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing . 2
Really dumb but occasionally really funny . 2
The film is a fierce dance of destruction . 3
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire . 1
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 0
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D . 4
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 1
This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 2
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros . 3
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad . 1
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 1
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . 1
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 4
It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look . 2
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it . 0
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 0
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 1
Nevertheless , it still seems endless . 1
If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 3
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 0
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years . 3
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 3
Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 2
If you do n't flee , you might be seduced . 2
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 1
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed . 3
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 0
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 0
A timid , soggy near miss . 1
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 2
Paul Bettany is cool . 3
We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 2
Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price . 2
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 3
What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 3
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 3
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 2
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 4
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 2
Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 3
This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 4
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 1
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 4
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 1
Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 2
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 1
Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic . 2
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 0
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 0
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything . 2
What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 4
In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film . 3
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 4
Fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 3
One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . 2
The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 3
Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 3
Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 3
Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer . 4
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 0
Eight Legged Freaks ? 1
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 4
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 1
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 4
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . 1
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 3
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 1
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 0
These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 4
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 1
Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 3
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures . 3
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 4
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 3
Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 3
This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 3
What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 3
Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 3
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 0
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J. 1
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 4
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 1
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness . 1
Astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 4
There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 3
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 0
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 1
It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 2
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 1
It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 2
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 0
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 4
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 1
The heat of the moment prevails . 3
One regards Reign of Fire with awe . 4
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 1
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . 0
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 0
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 1
Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 3
Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 3
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus . 2
It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 3
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year . 4
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 0
`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 4
Incoherence reigns . 1
Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 2
We just do n't really care too much about this love story . 1
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead . 3
An awfully good , achingly human picture . 3
Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 3
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . 0
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features . 1
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 4
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 3
A mess . 1
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 1
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut . 4
Eerily accurate depiction of depression . 1
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 2
I did n't smile . 1
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 1
Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 2
`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 . 2
It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 2
Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . 3
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . 0
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . 1
Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 3
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 4
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 3
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 1
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 4
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 3
The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films . 3
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America . 1
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does . 1
As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . 3
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 1
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 1
A quiet , disquieting triumph . 3
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 4
How inept is Serving Sara ? 0
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan . 1
This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 3
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail . 1
Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 3
Slap me , I saw this movie . 0
I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow . 3
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 1
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . 0
This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 4
Intimate and panoramic . 3
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 1
Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 3
The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? ' 2
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . 4
One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 3
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 3
Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 4
( A ) rather thinly-conceived movie . 0
Tells a fascinating , compelling story . 4
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 1
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay . 1
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 0
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 1
Highly engaging . 4
And how . 2
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 3
So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 2
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . 3
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels . 1
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 0
Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit 2
Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 4
both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time . 2
A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 2
( Evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 1
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 1
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 4
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 3
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts . 1
That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 4
Anyone else seen this before ? 2
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 2
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes . 1
Too much power , not enough puff . 1
Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice . 2
Writer / director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 3
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 1
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . 0
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 4
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 4
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . 0
This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . 2
Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project . 2
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting . 2
( A ) satisfying niblet . 3
This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 3
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . 4
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King . 1
While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 3
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 3
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell . 1
Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 3
The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch . 2
I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon . 3
Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . 3
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 0
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades . 3
It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 3
Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here . 4
It 's not hateful . 2
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . 3
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 4
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 2
Strange and beautiful film . 3
If only Merchant paid more attention the story . 1
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 1
It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 4
Hard , endearing , caring , warm . 4
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 1
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 1
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 2
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 4
( Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . 1
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 0
( Siegel ) and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie . 1
Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . 2
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . 0
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! 4
Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen 3
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 4
But something seems to be missing . 2
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 0
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 1
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 1
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 3
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . 3
For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 3
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 0
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 1
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos . 1
And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 3
Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... 4
into How Long Is This Movie ? 1
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . 0
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 2
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 1
It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive . 2
Nair does n't use ( Monsoon Wedding ) to lament the loss of culture . 2
From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 4
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 0
Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers . 2
The movie is ingenious fun . 4
` Like a child with an important message to tell ... ( Skins ' ) faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . ' 2
( Crystal and De Niro ) manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 2
Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad . 4
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 1
Sorvino is delightful in the central role . 3
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 1
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 . 4
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 0
Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf . 2
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . 0
Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 2
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 1
Woefully pretentious . 1
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 0
A faster paced family flick . 3
With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin , the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own . 2
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie . 2
A true-blue delight . 4
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title . 0
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 4
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . 1
Mostly , ( Goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 3
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that . 3
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 0
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 3
It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 3
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 1
... a true delight . 4
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . ' 0
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 3
Smarter than its commercials make it seem . 3
One of the worst films of 2002 . 0
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again . 1
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 3
It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . 3
I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . 2
No thanks . 1
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 2
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 1
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 1
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 1
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess . 0
This action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 1
A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 3
You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? 2
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 0
Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 3
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 0
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 1
Go , girls , right down the reality drain . 1
This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 3
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 1
Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 3
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 1
It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 3
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 1
This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 2
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 1
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was . 4
Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee . 3
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 3
Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 3
Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 3
The name says it all . 2
Aggravating and tedious . 0
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 1
Narc is all menace and atmosphere . 1
There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall . 3
An intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 4
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny . 2
If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 3
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement . 3
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . 1
Acting can not be acted . 2
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 3
Beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 3
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 0
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 1
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis . 1
An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 1
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 0
What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 2
An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 3
At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes . 2
Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 2
Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 3
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 1
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 3
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star . 0
These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector . 2
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . 0
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 0
It 's funny . 3
The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . ' 4
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 0
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 1
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors . 3
-- but certainly hard to hate . 3
A glorious mess . 2
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 3
Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for Seagal ) . 2
Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 4
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 0
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 0
It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 3
Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 3
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 0
A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 3
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . 1
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act . 2
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 3
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 1
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 3
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 1
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . 1
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 1
Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than Pink Floyd tickets . 3
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 2
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 0
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 3
( P ) artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting . 3
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 4
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 / 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind . 1
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 4
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script . 1
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 0
You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 1
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 4
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 0
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged . 1
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 0
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 4
This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 4
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 3
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised . 0
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 0
Simone is not a bad film . 3
Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length . 3
Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press 3
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 4
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . ' 1
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People . 1
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films . 1
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 1
Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 2
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work . 2
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . 4
Typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names . 1
A chiller resolutely without chills . 0
So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 2
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ? 1
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 0
Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 3
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 4
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 4
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 0
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 1
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 4
First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 3
Phoned-in business as usual . 1
It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo . 3
Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 3
Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 2
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 1
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 1
The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen . 2
A DOA dud from frame one . 0
An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 3
Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there 2
Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 3
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 1
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 1
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 3
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 3
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 4
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc . 3
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . 1
Though writer/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance . 3
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 1
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 1
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn . 1
Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 3
It does n't work as either . 0
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek ) . 1
Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 3
It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 1
Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 3
Seriously , rent the Disney version . 1
LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 4
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 3
Should have gone straight to video . 0
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel . 2
The film is flat . 1
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 1
As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 2
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 1
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States . 0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House . 0
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 1
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining ! 4
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included 1
... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 3
That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring . 3
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 3
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 4
While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 3
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 2
Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 3
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 1
( H ) ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by . 1
Its sheer dynamism is infectious . 3
Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 2
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic . 1
In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 3
` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . ' 2
A very capable nailbiter . 3
They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 3
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 1
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . 1
If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism 2
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 3
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 4
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 1
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . 4
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 4
The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 1
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD . 1
The movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 2
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 3
A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ... 4
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' 0
The Pool drowned me in boredom . 1
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 0
Bring on the sequel . 3
As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 3
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 1
Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 2
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 1
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 1
Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 3
Great character interaction . 4
A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 3
This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 3
For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 3
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 4
A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 4
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 2
classic cinema served up with heart and humor 4
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 3
It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 3
Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 2
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . 4
Nothing about them is attractive . 1
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 4
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 0
Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic . 3
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 1
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 4
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 1
They were right . 2
Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . 3
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films . 1
Disturbing . 1
This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer . 4
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 0
Australian actor/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 3
The Pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . 4
Bond-inspired ? 2
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 0
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 1
Who knew ... 2
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 1
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 2
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 0
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 1
Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift . 4
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 0
The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo . 2
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 0
You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story . 2
And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 3
Some episodes work , some do n't . 1
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 1
Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 2
A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career . 4
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 1
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 1
It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 3
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 0
We get the comedy we settle for . 1
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 4
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 0
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 4
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 3
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it . 1
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise . 3
Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 3
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder 1
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 1
It 's a very valuable film ... 4
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 1
Big mistake . 1
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 0
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm . 0
The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 2
For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 4
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 0
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to . 2
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances . 3
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine . 0
Helps to remind the First World that HIV/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news . 2
A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 4
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 1
Rewarding . 3
Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 4
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 1
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 0
Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 3
This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of . 3
I 'll go out on a limb . 3
When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 3
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 4
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 1
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 1
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 1
... unbearably lame . 0
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 4
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . 1
Merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 0
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 1
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 0
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . 2
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 4
About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success ( she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself ) , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men . 2
Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 . 2
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression . 3
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 4
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 4
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned . 3
Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 2
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 3
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 1
While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 3
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 1
The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . 2
Brave and sweetly rendered love story . 3
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 0
This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 3
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ? 1
The camera twirls ! 2
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 3
( Raimi 's ) matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see . 2
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite . 1
On top of a foundering performance , ( Madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 1
There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 2
A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 . 3
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 2
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 1
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 1
And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 3
... a rather bland affair . 1
Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt . 4
Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 3
Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 2
Hopkins , squarely fills the screen . 4
A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 2
Harmless fun . 3
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 1
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . 3
That is because - damn it ! 2
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 1
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 4
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 1
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal . 3
You have to see it . 4
So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 4
Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 3
Too ordinary to restore ( Harmon ) to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 2
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 4
A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 3
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen . 1
An encouraging effort from McCrudden 3
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 0
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care . 1
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance . 1
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent . 3
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 2
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 1
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . 0
The Master of Disguise is awful . 0
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . 1
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 1
Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you . 3
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 3
The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era . 2
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo . 3
It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 3
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 2
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter . 1
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 4
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III . 4
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 0
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead . 1
An extraordinarily silly thriller . 2
As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 3
This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper . 2
But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic . 4
Meant for Star Wars fans . 2
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy 3
It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 2
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 1
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation . 4
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 1
It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense . 2
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . 0
An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 4
( It ) highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's . 2
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 3
Low comedy does n't come much lower . 1
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 3
A modest masterpiece . 3
This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 2
An absurdist spider web . 1
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 0
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him . 3
Apart from its own considerable achievement , Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 2
Something must have been lost in the translation . 1
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes . 4
What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves . 3
The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 3
The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 2
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 1
Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 4
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . 3
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes . 1
Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 4
Oh , and more entertaining , too . 3
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 0
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it . 2
A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 2
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 1
It 's not an easy one to review . 1
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already . 0
It 's just a little too self-satisfied . 2
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 0
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 3
After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling . 3
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 1
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 1
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 1
While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 3
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 4
Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 3
Audacious-impossible yet compelling ... 3
Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act . 2
It 's uninteresting . 0
The wanton slipperiness of * Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 4
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 0
I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 2
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . 3
Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 3
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 4
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ? 2
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 2
Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 3
When the violence actually shocked ? 2
It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 3
What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 3
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 1
It 's quite diverting nonsense . 1
The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 3
A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history . 3
Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 1
LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . 4
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 3
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . 4
With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 2
A true pleasure . 3
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 2
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 4
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 1
It must be in the genes . 2
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America . 4
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 2
Leigh makes these lives count . 3
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 2
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . 1
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 1
Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world . 3
Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . 3
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 4
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 1
Just send it to Cranky . 1
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden . 4
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 3
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 1
This is SO De Palma . 2
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 1
But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 3
Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 2
Terrible . 0
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 4
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film . 3
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie . 3
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 1
If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 2
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . 1
Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste . 2
A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 2
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 0
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting . 3
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . 2
Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 2
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before . 0
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 3
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer . 4
Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film . 2
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 0
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 1
... really horrible drek . 0
A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 3
For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 3
Morvern rocks . 4
Lazy , miserable and smug . 0
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . 3
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 3
Hate it because it 's lousy . 0
Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 2
Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 3
That 's its first sign of trouble . 1
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 3
displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver 2
( Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 4
Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . 2
Fortunately , you still have that option . 2
The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 0
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever . 0
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . 3
A wordy wisp of a comedy . 2
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 0
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped ! 2
A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 4
Is it a comedy ? 1
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 3
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 1
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 1
Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone . 4
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 3
An extremely unpleasant film . 0
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 1
Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 3
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 4
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix . 0
As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 3
The most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 2
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 4
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . 3
It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 2
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle . 1
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . '' 1
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 1
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast . 1
A tone poem of transgression . 3
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 0
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 3
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen . 1
This is pure , exciting moviemaking . 4
Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 3
The Ring never lets you off the hook . 3
As it turns out , you can go home again . 3
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role . 1
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes . 3
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 4
For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 3
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 1
Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me . 2
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 1
If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall . 2
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 1
... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick . 2
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 1
Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 3
Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 3
Average , at best , I 'm afraid . 1
The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 3
Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 3
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 3
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 1
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 1
It did n't go straight to video . 2
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director Anderson . 3
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man . 4
But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 4
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 3
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 1
What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 3
Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 2
This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want . 3
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents 0
The concept is a hoot . 3
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' 0
Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie ! 2
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people . 4
A three-hour cinema master class . 3
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 1
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen . 4
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation . 0
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 1
Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 2
... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around . 2
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 0
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . 3
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip . 0
The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds . 3
A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . 3
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 1
Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 3
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 1
With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society . 3
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 1
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 4
Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values . 2
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 0
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 0
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 1
Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 3
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 1
When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 2
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production . 3
Imperfect ? 1
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 1
... a solid , well-formed satire . 4
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion . 3
Quietly engaging . 3
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 1
Writer/director Alexander Payne ( Election ) and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing . 3
All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 3
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 1
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . 2
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 3
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 1
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . 1
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 1
The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 4
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 0
Certainly . 2
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 1
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 0
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' 3
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . 3
The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects . 2
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 3
A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 3
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention 0
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny . 2
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies . 2
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 4
Well-meaning but inert . 2
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 4
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else . 2
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 1
In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 3
The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 2
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 3
It 's a sight to behold . 2
At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 3
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 3
An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 1
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 1
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears . 2
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 1
An awful lot like one of ( Spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 0
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 1
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas . 2
Bad movie . 0
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 3
It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke . 4
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 3
Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 3
Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 2
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about . 1
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 0
Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 3
A gripping drama . 4
Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 2
This is one of the year 's best films . 4
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 4
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood . 1
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 2
Lightweight but appealing . 3
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 1
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 0
The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list . 2
A Lifetime movie about men . 2
Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 3
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind 3
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 1
The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 4
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies . 1
But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one . 2
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . 4
Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . 3
Haneke 's script ( from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 0
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 1
For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured . 2
The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 2
... unlike ( Scorsese 's Mean Streets ) , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 0
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . 1
A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot . 3
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 1
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 0
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 1
... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 2
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . 2
Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 2
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny . 1
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 4
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 4
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 4
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 3
Chances are you wo n't , either . 2
Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 3
No , even that 's too committed . 1
( Javier Bardem is ) one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 2
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . 1
In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 4
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 0
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 0
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 1
A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 3
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack . 4
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 1
Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 4
his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 1
a joyous occasion 4
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 2
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best . 3
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 0
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . 1
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 1
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 4
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . 4
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 1
As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 3
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 3
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 3
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 1
A sense of real magic , perhaps . 3
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 1
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . 0
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 1
Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry . 2
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 3
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 3
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . 1
A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . 3
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . 4
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 1
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . 1
Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 3
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . 0
It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 2
In the end , there is n't much to it . 0
A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 3
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 1
It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 3
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 1
She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life . 2
As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 3
Where 's the movie here ? 0
This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo . 2
Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 3
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history . 3
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts ) , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 3
It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name . 0
At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 3
Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 2
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 1
( A ) stuporously solemn film . 2
Darkly funny and frequently insightful . 4
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 1
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 1
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears . 1
Changing Lanes tries for more . 3
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five . 4
Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 2
Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 3
As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 3
Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . 2
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 1
Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 3
The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 2
Otherwise , maybe . 2
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan . 4
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 0
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 1
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 4
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 1
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . 1
Amazing ! 4
What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant . 2
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work . 1
The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . 2
Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade . 2
Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 4
At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 4
Just how these families interact may surprise you . 2
In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 2
It 's that good . 4
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 1
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 0
Twist open the Ouzo ! 2
She may not be real , but the laughs are . 4
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 0
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 0
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 0
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 4
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . 1
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . 2
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 0
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 3
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor . 1
A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 2
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 4
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . 4
Too predictably , in fact . 1
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . 4
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut . 1
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . 1
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 4
This is amusing for about three minutes . 2
That 's fun for kids of any age . 4
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 3
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 1
Been there done that . 1
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 1
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 3
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all . 1
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 1
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 3
This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 3
But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 4
Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 3
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a Hallmark commercial . 1
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 1
After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 2
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 0
Oh , look at that clever angle ! 3
... Watching it was painful . 1
But it 's worth the concentration . 3
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 0
If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 3
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 1
The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 4
Sex With Strangers is fascinating ... 4
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 0
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 0
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 1
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 1
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 1
I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 2
Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 1
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 4
( Taymor ) utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 4
More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ... 2
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich . 4
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 3
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 1
Please . 2
Highly watchable stuff . 4
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 1
As a film director , LaBute continues to improve . 3
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 2
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough . 0
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . 2
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . 4
It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 3
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 1
It 's not only dull because we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 1
Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 2
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 3
Touché ! 2
A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 0
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose . 1
Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 2
( T ) he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution 1
`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners . 3
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 4
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 4
Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 4
( Washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 4
Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 3
Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 2
A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 3
A bad movie that happened to good actors . 0
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 1
... a pretentious mess ... 0
It 's just not very smart . 1
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 1
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . 1
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 4
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 1
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 1
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 1
Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify . 2
I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 4
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 1
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd . 0
Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 2
Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . 2
` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 3
Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 3
Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 3
An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension . 2
Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . 4
Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for . 2
Too silly to take seriously . 1
Best indie of the year , so far . 4
The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 3
It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love . 2
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time . 4
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 1
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 0
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 3
Insanely hilarious ! 4
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 4
Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 3
With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp . 2
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 1
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . 1
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 1
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . '' 0
Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood . 4
Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 3
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing . 2
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . 1
Arty gay film . 2
Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless . 2
The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history . 3
Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' . 2
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 4
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 2
Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 3
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 4
The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 3
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 1
One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . 3
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' 1
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 4
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 1
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? 1
It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . 2
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 0
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 3
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 4
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? 2
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 1
Strange it is , but delightfully so . 3
When the heroes were actually under 40 ? 2
An enthralling , entertaining feature . 4
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 1
It makes me feel weird / Thinking about all the bad things in the world / Like puppies with broken legs / And butterflies that die / And movies starring pop queens 1
One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 2
Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 3
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 1
LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 2
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 2
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 0
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 4
Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 3
It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 3
By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny . 4
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 1
Why ? 1
I liked this film a lot ... 3
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 0
The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 3
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 . 1
The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 2
But here 's a glimpse at his life . 2
`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 4
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary . 1
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire . 0
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now . 2
The entire cast is extraordinarily good . 4
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary . 2
Zoom ! 3
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 0
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . 0
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 3
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 4
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 1
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . 1
A manically generous Christmas vaudeville . 3
With an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 3
Lawrence should stick to his day job . 1
Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 2
Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 3
Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? ' 3
What 's left is a rich stew of longing . 2
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . 3
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 4
Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 3
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods . 4
Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 3
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 0
If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? 2
Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 2
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 0
It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 4
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 1
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 3
Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it . 3
No surprises . 1
Funny and touching . 3
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 1
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . 1
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . 4
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 4
Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 3
It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 0
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... 4
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional . 1
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau . 1
A drama ? 2
There 's plenty to impress about E.T. 3
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 3
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 3
Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 3
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 0
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture . 2
But it 's surprisingly harmless . 3
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 0
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 0
It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more . 2
In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much . 2
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 4
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 1
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 1
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . 1
The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space 2
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 4
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 0
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 3
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 2
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional . 0
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 1
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . 4
The movie is a mess from start to finish . 1
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 1
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 4
Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . 3
Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year . 2
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life . 3
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . 3
The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments . 2
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 3
Just a Kiss is a just a waste . 1
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 1
( There 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin . 3
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 3
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 3
It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style . 4
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 0
With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 2
Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption . 3
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 4
Well , they 're ` they ' . 2
Degenerates into hogwash . 0
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 1
The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 3
Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience . 4
It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . ' 3
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 1
Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ... 2
Dense , exhilarating documentary . 3
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 1
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 0
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 4
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 3
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 4
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 1
The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring . 2
A decidedly mixed bag . 2
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . 3
What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 2
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie . 0
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it . 4
But what is missing from it all is a moral . 1
Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 3
Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 4
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy . 1
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen . 4
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 2
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 3
Oops , she 's really done it this time . 2
Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time . 3
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 0
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 3
` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 0
There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 2
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel . 0
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 3
You 'll cry for your money back . 0
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie . 4
Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 2
Where the film falters is in its tone . 1
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . 2
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . 3
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 2
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 4
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 1
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 1
... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 4
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / Marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 1
It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 2
Certainly the performances are worthwhile . 3
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 1
Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez . 3
`` Not really as bad as you might think ! '' 2
Dramatically lackluster . 0
Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 4
With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy . 3
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 2
Just dreadful . 0
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 1
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . 2
If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 3
It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 2
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up . 1
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 1
Includes too much obvious padding . 1
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 3
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 1
insightfully written , delicately performed 4
As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 3
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save . 0
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 1
Never comes together as a coherent whole . 1
Gets better after Foster leaves that little room . 3
Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey 3
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 1
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 0
In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood . 2
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 1
Two hours of junk . 0
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 3
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 0
A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 3
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 1
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment . 3
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 1
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 1
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris . 1
Sure , I hated myself in the morning . 1
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it . 4
` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . 2
So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt . 4
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it . 4
Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 2
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 1
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 3
Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 0
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 0
One of the worst movies of the year . 0
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 1
Seems like someone going through the motions . 1
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 3
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 3
If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick . 3
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . 1
If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 2
If you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in Italian ) and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . 3
Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 2
May puzzle his most ardent fans . 1
If the movie were all comedy , it might work better . 2
A small movie with a big impact . 4
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 4
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 4
It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 3
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny . 1
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 1
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . 0
Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 3
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 1
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 0
Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart . 2
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon . 3
It is not what you see , it is what you think you see . 2
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 1
In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 3
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 1
Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy . 3
... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 0
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 2
Brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable . 2
Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 3
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 0
Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 4
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 1
In ( screenwriter ) Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 2
Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 4
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 1
Welles groupie/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst . 3
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 1
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 1
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 2
The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian . 3
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 1
Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 4
Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 2
Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 3
It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 2
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 3
The film is one of the year 's best . 4
More of a career curio than a major work . 2
Earnest but heavy-handed . 2
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 4
( It 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 3
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 0
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American ( and an America ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 4
The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 3
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 0
The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 3
A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 2
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 3
the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 3
It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 2
A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 2
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 3
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 4
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 1
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai . 4
`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year . 3
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 2
Make no mistake , ivans xtc . 2
A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 2
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown ! 1
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 3
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 0
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 0
The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 2
There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También . 3
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 4
Sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) 2
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 4
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 0
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting . 0
Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 3
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 0
The movie is a dud . 0
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 1
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 0
A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 3
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it . 1
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 2
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would . 1
Smothered by its own solemnity . 2
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 1
Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 3
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating . 1
It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 0
Exhilarating , funny and fun . 4
It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 3
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 0
While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 3
As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 4
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 3
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 1
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 0
It is also beautifully acted . 4
It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 2
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 1
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 1
Feels untidily honest . 2
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 1
Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 3
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 4
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 0
Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 2
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 1
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 3
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2
( Janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 1
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 0
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . 1
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film . 1
True Hollywood Story . 2
This beautifully animated epic is never dull . 4
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . 3
A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 3
If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X. 3
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 3
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 1
A smart little indie . 3
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 1
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio . 0
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 3
Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit . 3
The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino . 4
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 1
`` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia . 2
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 4
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name . 1
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 1
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 1
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 3
All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 3
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie . 2
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 0
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . '' 1
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 2
Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 2
But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . 2
Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 2
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile . 2
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . 3
A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 0
The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T. 3
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 1
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick . 1
Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . ' 3
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour . 3
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't . 0
Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 1
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 3
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof . 1
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 4
A fifty car pileup of cliches . 0
Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema . 3
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 1
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . 4
In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 4
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 4
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 1
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 0
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 1
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 1
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . 3
Secretary is just too original to be ignored . 3
` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing . 2
Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . 3
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 0
Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 2
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 1
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 3
A film that loses sight of its own story . 1
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it . 1
So-so entertainment . 2
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 1
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 2
Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 4
Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 4
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world . 3
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 1
Action - mechanical . 1
While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 2
Exciting documentary . 4
But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 4
The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 4
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . 0
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 1
Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns . 3
As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs . 2
Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 3
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ? 4
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 0
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard . 0
Absolutely not . 1
With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives . 3
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 3
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E ! 0
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 0
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original 4
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . 1
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care . 0
In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 4
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 0
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 1
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 3
Malcolm McDowell is cool . 3
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this Western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 1
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 3
( Russell ) makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob ) , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards . 3
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 3
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . 3
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China . 3
There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 3
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 0
And for all the wrong reasons besides . 1
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year . 0
An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 3
It is n't scary . 1
They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson . 2
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 2
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 1
The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . 2
Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 2
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 1
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 1
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly . 1
Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 4
Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 3
Extremely bad . 0
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two 3
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 1
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 1
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 1
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 1
The results are far more alienating than involving . 1
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 4
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 2
One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 3
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 0
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 1
For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough . 3
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 1
... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 2
Has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 2
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 3
Unwieldy contraption . 1
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 2
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 3
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 3
A chilling movie without oppressive gore . 3
A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 3
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 3
Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse . 2
Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . 3
It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 3
Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries . 3
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 0
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 3
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 3
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . 3
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 3
Predictably melodramatic . 1
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers . 3
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 1
Delirious fun . 4
Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way . 2
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 3
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 1
The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop 2
Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 2
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . 2
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . 0
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 0
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script . 3
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 3
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 0
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 4
Until ( the ) superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller . 2
Vulgar is too optimistic a title . 0
The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 2
Very well-written and very well-acted . 4
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 1
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . 1
More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again . 4
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 1
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . 1
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 0
The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 3
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations . 3
While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier . 2
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . 0
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 3
Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many . 3
Writer/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 3
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 3
Good-naturedly cornball sequel . 3
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 1
Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people . 3
( Swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 0
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ... 3
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 4
Cynics need not apply . ' 2
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 1
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 0
Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 2
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 0
Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere . 4
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 1
But that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 3
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows . 2
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . 3
Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 2
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 1
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 0
An ambitious ` what if ? ' 3
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 1
Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 4
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . 1
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 1
The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain . 3
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 4
Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 2
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 1
Interesting , but not compelling . 2
It looks good , but it is essentially empty . 1
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 2
A moving , if uneven , success . 3
In fact , it 's quite fun in places . 3
The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . 3
No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 2
It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 3
It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 3
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 3
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable 1
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 1
There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist . 3
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . 0
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast . 4
A film of delicate interpersonal dances . 3
A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth . 2
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . 1
Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 2
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences . 0
This is a children 's film in the truest sense . 3
Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 3
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever . 1
It 's still terrible ! 0
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 1
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 3
Yes , soar . 3
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy . 1
If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 . 3
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 3
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 1
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . 1
A melancholy , emotional film . 2
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 3
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . 0
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 3
Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 2
It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 4
It hates its characters . 1
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 1
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 . 1
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . 2
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 1
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day . 3
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 4
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 1
Let 's hope not . 2
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 0
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 1
A humorless journey into a philosophical void . 0
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 1
The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 2
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 4
( A ) smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks . 3
Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance . 2
( A ) slummer . 1
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 1
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 1
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 1
Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand . 2
( Davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 1
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 0
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 . 0
A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 3
Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 3
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 3
Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 2
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 1
There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 3
Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 3
Woody , what happened ? 1
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 4
You 'll probably love it . 4
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel . 4
The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make . 3
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? '' 0
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 0
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 3
It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 3
Merci pour le movie . 2
A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 4
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 1
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 . 4
What ( Frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 3
You will likely prefer to keep on watching . 3
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 4
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 3
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film . 4
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 3
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 4
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian . 1
