that storytelling has value can not be denied .  1
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .  1
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .  0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .  0
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?  0
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .  1
sly , sophisticated and surprising .  1
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .  1
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !  1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .  0
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .  1
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .  1
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .  1
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .  0
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .  0
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .  0
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .  1
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .  0
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...  1
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .  0
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .  1
too silly to take seriously .  0
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .  1
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .  1
an enthralling , entertaining feature .  1
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .  0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .  1
` this movie sucks . '  0
but it does have one saving grace .  1
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .  1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .  1
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .  0
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .  0
malcolm mcdowell is cool .  1
it 's that painful .  0
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .  1
on its own , it 's not very interesting .  0
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .  0
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .  1
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .  1
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .  0
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .  1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .  1
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .  0
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .  1
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .  0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .  0
it still feels like a prison stretch .  0
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .  0
wewannour money back , actually .  0
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .  1
surprisingly insightful  1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .  1
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .  1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .  1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .  1
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .  0
that 's because relatively nothing happens .  0
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .  0
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .  0
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .  1
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .  1
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public  1
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '  0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .  1
a mess .  0
woody allen has really found his groove these days .  1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .  1
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .  0
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .  1
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .  1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .  1
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne  1
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .  1
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .  0
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .  0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .  0
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era  0
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .  0
the movie turns out to be -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .  0
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .  1
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .  0
but here 's a movie about it anyway .  0
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .  0
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .  0
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .  1
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .  0
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .  1
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .  0
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .  0
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .  0
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .  0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .  1
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .  0
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .  0
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .  1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .  1
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .  0
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .  0
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .  0
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...  1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .  0
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .  1
morvern rocks .  1
-lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .  1
sure , i hated myself in the morning .  0
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .  1
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .  1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .  0
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .  1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .  0
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .  0
enigma lacks it .  0
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor  1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .  1
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .  0
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?  0
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .  0
-lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .  0
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .  1
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .  0
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .  0
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .  1
sluggish , tonally uneven .  0
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .  0
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .  1
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .  1
it 's a cool event for the whole family .  1
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .  1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .  1
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .  1
simplistic , silly and tedious .  0
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans -lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .  1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .  1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .  1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .  1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .  1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .  1
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .  0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .  1
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .  0
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .  1
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .  0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .  0
it labours as storytelling .  0
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .  0
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .  1
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .  0
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .  0
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .  1
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .  0
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .  1
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .  1
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .  0
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.  1
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .  1
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .  0
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .  1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .  0
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?  0
see it .  1
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .  0
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .  0
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind  1
uplifting , funny and wise .  1
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .  0
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .  0
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .  1
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .  0
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .  1
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .  1
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .  0
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .  1
not so much farcical as sour .  0
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .  1
an asian neo-realist treasure .  1
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .  0
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .  1
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .  0
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .  0
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .  0
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .  1
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .  0
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .  1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .  1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .  0
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .  1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .  1
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .  1
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .  0
as a film director , labute continues to improve .  1
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .  0
-lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .  1
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .  0
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .  1
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .  1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .  0
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .  1
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .  0
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .  0
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch .  1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .  1
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .  0
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .  1
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .  0
a well-crafted letdown .  0
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .  0
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .  0
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .  1
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .  1
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .  0
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .  0
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .  0
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .  1
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .  0
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .  0
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .  0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .  1
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .  0
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .  1
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .  1
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .  1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .  1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .  1
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .  1
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .  1
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .  1
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .  0
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .  1
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .  1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .  1
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .  0
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .  1
i ca n't recommend it .  0
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .  0
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .  1
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .  0
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .  1
something must have been lost in the translation .  0
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .  1
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .  0
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .  1
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .  0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .  0
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .  1
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .  0
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .  0
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .  1
that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .  0
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .  1
-lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .  1
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .  0
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .  0
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .  1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .  1
it deserves to be seen everywhere .  1
there 's already been too many of these films ...  0
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .  1
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .  0
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .  1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .  0
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .  1
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '  0
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .  0
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .  0
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .  0
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .  0
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .  1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .  1
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .  1
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .  1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .  0
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .  0
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .  0
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .  0
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .  0
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .  1
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .  0
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !  0
prepare to marvel again .  1
i could n't recommend this film more .  1
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .  0
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .  0
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .  1
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .  0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .  0
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .  1
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .  1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '  1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .  1
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .  1
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .  0
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .  1
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .  1
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .  1
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery  0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .  1
amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''  1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .  0
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .  0
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .  1
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .  1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .  1
a real snooze .  0
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .  1
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .  1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .  0
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .  0
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .  0
zoom !  1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .  1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .  1
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .  0
lacks depth .  0
lacks dramatic punch and depth .  0
a tasty masala .  1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .  1
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '  0
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .  0
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .  1
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .  0
paul bettany is cool .  1
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .  1
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen  1
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .  0
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .  1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .  0
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .  0
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .  1
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .  1
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .  1
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .  1
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .  1
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .  1
into how long is this movie ?  0
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .  1
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .  1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '  1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !  1
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .  1
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .  0
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .  0
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .  0
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .  1
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .  0
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .  1
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .  0
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .  0
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .  1
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '  0
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .  1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .  0
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''  0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .  0
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .  0
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .  0
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .  1
the concept is a hoot .  1
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .  0
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .  0
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .  0
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .  1
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .  1
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .  1
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .  1
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .  0
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .  1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .  1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .  1
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .  1
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .  0
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .  1
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .  0
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .  0
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .  1
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .  0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .  1
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .  0
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .  0
too bad .  0
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .  0
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .  1
-lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .  0
-lrb- has -rrb- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .  1
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .  0
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .  1
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .  0
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .  1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .  1
two hours of junk .  0
black-and-white and unrealistic .  0
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .  0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .  1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .  0
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .  0
strange and beautiful film .  1
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .  0
a joyous occasion  1
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .  0
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .  0
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .  0
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .  1
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .  1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .  1
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .  1
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .  0
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .  0
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .  0
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .  1
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .  1
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .  0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .  0
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .  0
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .  0
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .  1
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .  0
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .  1
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?  0
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .  1
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .  0
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .  0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !  0
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .  0
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...  0
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .  0
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .  0
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .  1
surprisingly powerful and universal .  1
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .  0
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .  0
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .  1
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .  1
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .  0
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .  0
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .  0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .  1
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .  0
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .  1
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .  0
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .  0
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .  1
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .  1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .  1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .  0
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual  1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .  1
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .  1
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents  0
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .  0
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .  1
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .  1
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .  1
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .  1
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...  1
like a can of 2-day old coke .  0
cinematic poo .  0
many insightful moments .  1
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .  1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .  1
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .  0
stale , futile scenario .  0
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .  0
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .  1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .  0
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .  1
a captivating new film .  1
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .  0
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .  0
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .  0
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .  1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .  1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .  1
the movie is brilliant , really .  1
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine  0
i like it .  1
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .  0
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .  1
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .  0
visually striking and viscerally repellent .  1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .  1
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?  0
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .  1
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .  0
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .  0
wait to see it then .  0
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .  0
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .  1
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .  1
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .  1
sorvino is delightful in the central role .  1
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .  1
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .  0
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .  1
by that measure , it is a failure .  0
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .  1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .  1
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...  0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .  1
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .  0
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .  1
the comedy is nonexistent .  0
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .  1
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .  1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .  1
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .  1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .  0
average , at best , i 'm afraid .  0
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .  1
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?  0
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .  1
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .  0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .  1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .  0
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .  1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .  1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .  1
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .  0
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .  0
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .  0
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .  1
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .  1
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .  0
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .  0
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .  0
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .  1
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .  0
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .  0
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .  0
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .  1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .  1
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .  0
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .  0
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .  0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .  1
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '  1
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .  1
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama  1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .  0
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .  0
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .  0
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .  1
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .  0
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .  0
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .  1
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .  0
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .  0
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .  0
never inspires more than an interested detachment .  0
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .  0
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .  1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .  1
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .  1
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick  1
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .  1
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .  1
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .  0
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .  0
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .  0
troubling and powerful .  1
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .  1
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .  1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .  1
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .  0
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .  1
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original  1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .  0
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .  1
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .  1
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience  0
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .  1
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .  0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .  0
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .  0
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .  0
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .  1
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .  1
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .  0
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .  1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .  1
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .  0
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .  0
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .  0
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .  0
no , i hate it .  0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .  1
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer .  0
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .  1
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .  1
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .  0
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .  0
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .  1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .  0
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .  1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .  1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .  1
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .  0
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .  1
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .  0
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .  1
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .  0
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .  0
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .  1
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .  0
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .  1
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .  1
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .  1
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...  0
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .  1
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .  1
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .  1
certainly the performances are worthwhile .  1
that 's its first sign of trouble .  0
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .  0
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .  1
big mistake .  0
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .  0
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.  0
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .  1
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .  0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .  1
thoroughly awful .  0
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .  1
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .  1
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .  0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .  1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .  1
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .  0
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...  1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .  0
this is no `` waterboy ! ''  0
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .  1
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''  1
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .  0
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .  0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .  0
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .  1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .  0
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .  0
a less-than-thrilling thriller .  0
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''  0
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .  0
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .  0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .  1
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .  1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .  0
extremely bad .  0
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .  1
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .  1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .  1
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .  1
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .  0
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance  0
you have no affinity for most of the characters .  0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .  0
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .  0
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .  1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .  0
except it 's much , much better .  1
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .  1
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .  1
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .  0
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .  1
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .  0
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .  1
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .  0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it  0
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .  0
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .  1
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .  0
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .  0
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '  0
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .  0
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .  1
one funny popcorn flick .  1
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .  0
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .  0
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .  1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .  0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .  1
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .  1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .  1
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .  0
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .  0
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .  1
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .  0
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .  0
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .  0
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .  0
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .  1
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .  1
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .  0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .  0
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .  0
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .  1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .  1
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .  1
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .  0
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .  1
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .  1
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .  0
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .  1
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .  1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .  0
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .  1
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .  1
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .  0
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .  0
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .  0
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .  1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .  1
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .  0
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .  1
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .  0
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .  0
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '  1
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .  1
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .  1
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .  0
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .  1
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .  0
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .  1
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .  1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .  1
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .  1
... quite endearing .  1
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .  1
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .  1
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .  1
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .  0
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .  1
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .  1
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .  0
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '  0
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .  1
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .  0
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .  1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .  0
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .  0
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .  1
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .  0
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .  0
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .  1
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .  1
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .  0
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .  0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .  0
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .  0
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .  0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .  1
just plain bad .  0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .  1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .  0
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .  0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .  0
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .  1
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .  0
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .  0
what 's next ?  1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .  0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .  0
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .  0
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .  1
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .  1
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .  0
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .  1
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .  1
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .  1
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .  0
exciting and well-paced .  1
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .  1
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .  1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .  1
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .  1
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .  0
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .  1
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .  1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .  1
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .  1
the best film of the year 2002 .  1
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .  1
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .  0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .  0
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .  1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .  0
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .  0
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .  1
all in all , a great party .  1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''  0
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .  1
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .  1
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .  1
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .  1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .  0
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .  0
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '  0
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .  0
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '  1
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .  0
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .  0
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke  0
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .  0
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .  1
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .  1
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .  0
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .  1
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .  1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .  0
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...  0
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .  1
both deserve better .  0
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .  1
narc is all menace and atmosphere .  0
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .  1
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .  0
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .  0
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .  1
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .  1
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .  0
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .  1
harmless fun .  1
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .  1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .  1
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .  1
... very funny , very enjoyable ...  1
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .  0
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .  1
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .  0
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .  1
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .  1
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '  0
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .  0
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .  1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .  0
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .  0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .  1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .  1
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !  1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .  1
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .  1
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .  1
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .  0
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .  0
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .  0
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .  1
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .  0
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .  0
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .  0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .  1
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .  1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .  1
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .  1
it does n't work as either .  0
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .  0
i do n't think so .  0
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .  0
includes too much obvious padding .  0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .  0
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .  1
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .  0
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .  0
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .  1
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .  0
familiar but utterly delightful .  1
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .  0
the performances are an absolute joy .  1
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .  1
manages to delight without much of a story .  1
merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .  0
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .  0
... one resurrection too many .  0
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .  0
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .  1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .  0
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .  0
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .  1
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .  1
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .  0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .  1
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .  1
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition  0
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .  0
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .  0
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .  0
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .  1
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .  0
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .  0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .  0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .  1
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .  0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .  1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .  1
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .  0
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .  0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .  1
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .  0
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .  0
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .  1
... stale and uninspired .  0
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .  0
this thing is virtually unwatchable .  0
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .  0
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .  1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .  1
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .  0
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .  1
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .  1
-lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .  1
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .  0
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .  1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .  1
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .  1
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .  0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .  0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .  1
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .  0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .  1
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .  0
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .  1
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .  0
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .  0
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .  1
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .  1
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?  0
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .  1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .  1
a taut , sobering film .  1
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .  1
it has plenty of laughs .  1
delight your senses and crash this wedding !  1
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .  1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .  1
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two  1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .  0
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .  0
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .  1
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .  0
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .  1
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .  0
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .  1
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .  0
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .  1
staggeringly dreadful romance .  0
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .  1
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings  1
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era  1
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .  1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .  1
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .  0
an extraordinary dramatic experience .  1
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .  0
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .  0
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .  0
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .  0
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .  0
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .  1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .  1
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .  0
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .  1
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .  0
too much power , not enough puff .  0
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .  0
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .  0
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .  0
get out your pooper-scoopers .  0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .  0
it 's quite diverting nonsense .  0
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .  0
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .  0
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .  1
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .  0
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .  0
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .  1
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .  0
other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf .  1
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .  0
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .  1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .  1
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .  1
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .  0
-lrb- t -rrb- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .  0
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .  1
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .  0
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .  0
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .  0
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material  1
upper teens may get cynical .  0
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .  1
a processed comedy chop suey .  0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .  0
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .  0
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .  1
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .  1
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .  0
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .  0
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .  0
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .  1
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .  0
i did n't smile .  0
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .  1
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .  1
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !  0
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .  1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .  1
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .  0
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !  0
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .  0
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .  0
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .  0
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .  0
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say .  0
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .  0
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .  1
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .  1
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .  1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .  0
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .  1
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .  0
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .  1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .  0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .  1
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .  0
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars  1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .  0
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '  1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .  1
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '  0
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .  1
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .  0
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .  1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .  1
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?  0
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .  0
what i saw , i enjoyed .  1
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .  0
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .  0
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture  1
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .  1
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .  0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .  1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .  1
where 's the movie here ?  0
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .  0
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .  1
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .  0
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .  1
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .  0
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .  1
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .  1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .  0
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .  0
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .  0
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .  1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .  1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .  0
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .  1
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .  0
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .  0
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .  1
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .  1
serious and thoughtful .  1
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .  1
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .  1
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .  1
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .  1
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .  1
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .  1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .  0
reassuring , retro uplifter .  1
pretty good little movie .  1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .  0
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .  1
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .  1
it 's never dull and always looks good .  1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .  1
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .  1
you 'll end up moved .  1
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .  1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .  0
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .  1
a film that will enthrall the whole family .  1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .  0
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .  0
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .  1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .  1
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .  0
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .  1
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .  0
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle  0
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .  0
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .  0
nice piece of work .  1
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .  0
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .  1
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .  1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .  0
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .  0
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .  1
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .  0
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .  0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .  1
psychologically savvy .  1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .  1
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .  0
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .  1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .  1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .  1
one of the best movies of the year .  1
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .  1
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .  0
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .  1
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .  0
the thing just never gets off the ground .  0
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .  0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .  1
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .  0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .  1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .  1
a charming but slight comedy .  1
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .  1
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .  0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .  0
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .  1
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .  1
... a light , yet engrossing piece .  1
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .  0
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .  1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .  1
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '  1
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .  0
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .  0
it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens  0
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .  1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .  1
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .  0
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .  0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !  1
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .  0
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .  0
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .  0
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .  1
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .  0
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .  0
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .  0
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.  1
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .  0
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .  0
norton is magnetic as graham .  1
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .  0
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .  0
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .  1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .  1
-lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .  0
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .  0
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .  1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .  1
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .  1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .  1
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .  0
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .  1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .  1
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .  0
does n't really add up to much .  0
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .  1
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .  0
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten  0
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .  0
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .  1
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .  1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .  1
knows how to make our imagination wonder .  1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .  1
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .  0
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .  1
the pool drowned me in boredom .  0
the ring never lets you off the hook .  1
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .  1
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .  1
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .  1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .  0
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .  0
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .  0
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .  1
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .  0
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .  1
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .  1
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .  0
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .  1
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .  1
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .  0
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...  1
a small gem from belgium .  1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .  0
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .  1
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .  1
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .  1
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .  1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .  0
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .  1
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .  0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .  0
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .  0
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .  0
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .  0
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .  1
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .  1
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .  1
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .  0
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .  1
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .  1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .  1
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .  1
a non-mystery mystery .  0
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .  0
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .  0
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .  0
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '  1
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .  0
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .  1
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .  0
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .  1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .  1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .  1
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .  1
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .  1
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .  1
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .  0
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .  0
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .  1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .  1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .  0
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .  1
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .  1
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .  1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '  0
truly terrible .  0
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .  0
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .  0
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .  0
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .  0
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .  1
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .  1
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .  0
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .  0
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .  1
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .  1
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .  0
bad movie .  0
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .  1
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .  1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .  1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .  1
the worst film of the year .  0
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script  0
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .  0
a beautifully observed character piece .  1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .  1
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .  1
works as pretty contagious fun .  1
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .  1
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .  0
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .  0
feral and uncomfortable .  0
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .  0
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .  0
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !  0
it 's that good .  1
a funny film .  1
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .  1
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .  0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .  1
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .  0
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .  1
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .  0
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .  0
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .  0
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .  1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .  0
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .  0
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .  1
do n't even bother to rent this on video .  0
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .  0
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .  1
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .  1
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .  0
this is an interesting movie ! ''  1
i still want my money back .  0
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !  0
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .  1
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .  1
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .  1
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort  0
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .  1
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .  0
just send it to cranky .  0
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .  1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .  1
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .  1
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .  0
a sense of real magic , perhaps .  1
it is a likable story , told with competence .  1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .  1
a noble failure .  0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .  1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .  1
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .  1
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .  1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .  0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .  1
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .  0
every note rings false .  0
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .  1
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .  1
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .  0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?  1
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .  1
one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .  1
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .  1
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .  0
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .  1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .  1
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .  0
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .  1
as pedestrian as they come .  0
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .  0
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .  0
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .  0
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .  1
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .  1
a complete waste of time .  0
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .  1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia  0
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .  1
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .  0
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .  1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .  1
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .  0
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .  1
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .  1
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .  0
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .  1
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .  0
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .  1
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .  0
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .  1
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .  1
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .  0
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .  1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .  0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .  0
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .  0
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?  0
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .  0
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .  1
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .  1
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .  1
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .  0
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .  1
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !  0
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .  0
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head  0
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .  0
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .  0
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...  1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .  1
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .  0
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .  1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .  0
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .  1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .  0
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .  0
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .  1
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .  1
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .  0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .  1
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .  0
he 's not good with people .  0
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .  0
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .  1
my own minority report is that it stinks .  0
this film biggest problem ?  0
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .  0
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .  0
it 's not a great monster movie .  0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .  0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .  1
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '  0
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .  1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .  1
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .  1
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .  1
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .  1
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .  1
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .  0
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .  0
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .  0
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .  0
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .  0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .  0
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .  1
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .  0
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .  1
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .  1
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .  0
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .  1
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .  1
a genuine mind-bender .  1
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .  1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .  0
half past dead is just such an achievement .  1
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .  1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year  1
make like the title and dodge this one .  0
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '  0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .  1
hard to resist .  1
two-bit potboiler .  0
... unbearably lame .  0
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .  1
a negligible british comedy .  0
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .  0
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .  0
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .  0
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .  0
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .  0
one of the best rock documentaries ever .  1
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .  0
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .  1
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .  0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .  0
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .  0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .  0
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .  1
poetry in motion captured on film .  1
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .  1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .  1
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .  1
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .  1
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .  0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .  0
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...  1
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...  1
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .  0
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .  0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .  0
too predictably , in fact .  0
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .  1
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .  0
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .  1
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .  0
why ?  0
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .  1
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .  1
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .  1
tends to plod .  0
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .  0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .  1
-- but certainly hard to hate .  1
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .  0
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .  1
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .  0
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .  1
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .  0
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .  0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .  0
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .  1
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .  0
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .  0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .  1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .  0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .  0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .  0
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .  1
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .  0
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .  0
visually captivating .  1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .  1
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .  0
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .  0
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .  0
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .  1
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .  0
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .  1
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .  1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .  1
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .  1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...  0
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .  0
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .  0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .  1
this is a superior horror flick .  1
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .  1
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .  0
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .  0
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .  1
and that is where ararat went astray .  0
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .  0
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .  1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .  1
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .  1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .  0
it 's all surface psychodramatics .  0
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .  0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .  1
that 's fun for kids of any age .  1
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .  1
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .  0
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .  0
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .  1
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .  0
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .  0
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .  1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .  0
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .  0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .  1
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .  0
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...  1
bravado kathy !  1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .  1
hardly a film that comes along every day .  1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .  0
especially give credit to affleck .  1
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .  0
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .  0
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .  1
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .  0
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .  0
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...  0
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .  1
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .  0
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .  1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .  1
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .  0
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .  1
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential  1
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .  1
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .  1
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .  0
hey , happy !  1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .  1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .  1
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .  1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .  0
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .  1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .  1
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .  1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .  1
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .  1
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .  1
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .  1
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .  1
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .  1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .  1
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .  0
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .  0
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .  0
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .  0
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .  0
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .  0
smart and taut .  1
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .  0
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .  0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .  1
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .  0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .  0
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .  1
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .  1
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .  1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .  0
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .  0
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .  0
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .  1
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .  0
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .  1
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .  0
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .  0
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .  1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .  0
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .  0
seems like someone going through the motions .  0
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .  1
imperfect ?  0
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .  1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .  0
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .  1
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .  1
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .  0
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .  1
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .  1
a quaint , romanticized rendering .  1
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .  0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .  0
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .  0
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .  0
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .  0
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''  0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .  0
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .  0
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .  1
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .  0
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .  0
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .  1
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .  0
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .  1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .  1
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .  0
one of the worst films of 2002 .  0
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .  1
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?  0
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt  0
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .  0
feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .  0
it 's not original enough .  0
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .  1
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .  0
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .  0
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .  1
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .  1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .  0
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .  0
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .  0
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .  0
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .  1
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .  1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .  0
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .  0
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .  0
what little grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .  0
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .  1
the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism  1
too bad none of it is funny .  0
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .  0
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .  0
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .  1
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .  1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .  1
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .  0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .  1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .  0
goes on and on to the point of nausea .  0
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .  0
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .  0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .  1
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .  1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .  1
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '  0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .  0
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .  1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''  1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .  1
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .  1
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .  1
... irritating soul-searching garbage .  0
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .  1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .  1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .  1
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .  0
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .  1
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .  1
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .  1
below is well below expectations .  0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .  1
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .  0
it 's pauly shore awful .  0
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .  0
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .  0
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''  0
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .  0
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .  0
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .  0
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .  0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .  1
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .  0
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .  0
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- .  1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .  0
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .  0
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining .  1
eight legged freaks ?  0
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .  0
you 'll know a star when you see one .  1
the film grows on you .  1
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .  0
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .  1
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .  0
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .  0
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .  0
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .  1
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .  0
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .  0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .  1
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .  0
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .  0
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie  0
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .  1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .  0
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .  1
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .  1
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .  0
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .  1
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .  0
a winning and wildly fascinating work .  1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .  0
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .  0
-lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .  1
a moving , if uneven , success .  1
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .  1
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .  0
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .  0
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .  0
oh , look at that clever angle !  1
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .  0
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .  1
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .  0
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .  1
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .  0
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .  0
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .  1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .  0
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .  1
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .  1
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .  0
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .  1
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .  1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .  0
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .  1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .  0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .  1
lightweight but appealing .  1
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .  0
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .  0
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .  1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .  1
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .  1
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .  1
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .  0
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .  1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .  1
it 's better than the phantom menace .  1
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .  1
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .  0
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !  0
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .  1
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .  0
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .  0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .  1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .  0
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .  1
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .  1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .  1
drowning 's too good for this sucker .  0
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .  0
great dragons !  1
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .  1
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .  0
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .  1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .  1
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .  0
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .  1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .  1
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .  0
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .  0
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '  1
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .  1
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .  0
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .  0
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .  1
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .  1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .  1
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .  1
it 's not too fast and not too slow .  1
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .  1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .  1
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?  0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .  1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .  1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .  1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .  1
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .  0
the art demands live viewing .  1
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .  0
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .  1
compellingly watchable .  1
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .  0
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .  1
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .  0
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .  0
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .  1
pompous and garbled .  0
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .  0
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .  0
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .  1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .  1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...  1
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .  0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing  1
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .  0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .  1
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .  1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .  0
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .  1
fairly run-of-the-mill .  0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .  1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .  0
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .  1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .  0
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .  1
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .  1
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .  0
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .  1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .  0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .  1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .  1
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .  1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''  0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .  0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .  0
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .  1
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...  1
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .  0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .  1
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .  1
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .  1
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .  1
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .  1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .  0
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .  1
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .  0
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''  0
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .  0
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .  1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .  1
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .  0
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .  0
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .  0
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .  1
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .  0
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .  1
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .  0
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .  1
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .  1
a charmer from belgium .  1
-lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .  0
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .  0
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .  0
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .  1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .  0
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .  1
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .  0
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .  0
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .  1
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .  0
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .  1
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .  1
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .  0
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .  0
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .  1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .  1
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .  0
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .  0
and yet , it still works .  1
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .  1
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .  0
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .  0
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .  1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .  1
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .  0
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .  0
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .  1
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .  0
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .  0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .  0
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .  0
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .  1
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .  1
beware the quirky brit-com .  0
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .  0
the drama discloses almost nothing .  0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .  0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .  0
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .  0
an awful snooze .  0
no. .  0
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .  1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .  1
run for your lives !  0
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece  1
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .  0
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .  1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .  0
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .  0
there 's no energy .  0
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .  1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .  1
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .  0
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .  0
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...  1
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .  1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not  1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .  1
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .  1
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .  1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .  1
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .  1
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .  0
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .  1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .  1
... a bland , pretentious mess .  0
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin  1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .  1
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .  0
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .  1
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .  1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .  0
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .  0
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .  1
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .  0
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .  0
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .  0
is a mess .  0
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .  1
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .  0
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .  0
cold , nervy and memorable .  1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .  1
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .  1
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .  1
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .  1
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .  0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .  0
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .  1
it hates its characters .  0
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .  0
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .  0
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .  0
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .  1
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .  0
i wanted more .  0
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .  1
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .  1
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .  1
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .  0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .  0
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .  1
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .  0
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .  1
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .  0
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .  1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .  0
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .  0
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .  0
if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .  1
sexy and romantic .  1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .  1
well-made but mush-hearted .  1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .  0
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .  0
you live the mood rather than savour the story .  1
disjointed parody .  0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .  0
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .  1
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- .  0
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .  0
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .  0
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .  0
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .  1
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .  0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .  0
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .  0
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...  0
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .  1
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .  0
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .  1
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .  1
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .  0
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .  1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .  0
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .  0
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .  1
the komediant is a tale worth catching .  1
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .  0
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .  0
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .  1
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .  0
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .  0
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .  0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .  0
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .  0
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .  0
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .  0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .  0
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .  0
a slight but sweet film .  1
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .  0
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .  0
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .  1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .  1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .  1
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .  1
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !  1
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .  0
